source installs: document the use of ccache. (#289)
ros-planning/moveit.ros.org: install/source/index.markdown

         moveit_planners_chomp \
         chomp_motion_planner

## Optional: Install a Compiler Cache

Even if you decide to not build *all* of MoveIt, building it from source can still take quite some time.
Because of this, it can be beneficial to use a tool called a *compiler cache* to avoid recompiling files that have not been changed between builds but which with a regular build (without such a cache) would still be processed by the compiler.
This situation is especially common when switching between different branches while developing and when `clean`ing a Catkin workspace and then rebuilding it.

> [ccache](https://ccache.dev) provides such a compiler cache and installing it can reduce the time needed to rebuild MoveIt (and other packages) from many minutes to mere seconds.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[ccache](https://ccache.dev) provides such a compiler cache and using it can reduce the time needed to rebuild MoveIt (and other packages) from many minutes to mere seconds.
```

The default maximum cache size on Debian and Ubuntu is up to 5 GB for a full cache (if there are no files in the cache, it will not take up any space).
Configure a different maximum with the `--max-size` option.

Refer to the [ccache website](https://ccache.dev) for more information on when the cache is used and how to change its configuration.

### Installation (Debian/Ubuntu)

On a Debian or Ubuntu system, installing `ccache` is simple:

    sudo apt-get install ccache

### Installation (other systems)

On other OS, consult the package manager or software store and search for `ccache`.
Refer to the [ccache website](https://ccache.dev) for more information on downloading and installation.

### Setup

`ccache` provides a wrapper script that inserts itself between calls to GCC and the cache.
The script is compatible with GCC command line invocations, but it must be explicitly configured for use (just installing the `ccache` package is not enough).

To use caching with *all* invocations of GCC, it is sufficient to place the `/usr/lib/ccache` directory on the `PATH` (note: `usr/lib/ccache` is used on Debian and Ubuntu systems, adapt paths accordingly on other OS).

> By making sure `ccache` is found *before* the regular GCC, all invocations of GCC will automatically go through the `ccache` wrapper script.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By making sure ccache's wrapper scripts are found *before* the regular compiler (e.g. GCC), all compiler invocations will automatically go through the `ccache` wrapper script.
```

Author: There is actually only a single wrapper, but multiple symlinks to it. So I don't believe I can accept your suggestion, as it's incorrect.

Reviewer: Well, you are right. But it's not a script named `ccache` that should be found before the compiler(s), but those symlinks that are named as the compiler(s). :wink:
As you didn't mention the other compiler symlinks before, I'm fine with constraining to GCC here as well.
